# Mod Notes

CAT UI and Health Bars: CAT UI is the standard for this Collection and comes with Health Bars turned on.
There is no way to cut the Health Bars out without causing the whole CAT UI to error.
So, if you don't like seeing Health Bars, and/or don't like the CAT UI mod, disable/remove the CAT UI Mod and use the AGF HUD instead.
I have confirmed the AGF HUD is compatible with this ModList. Additionally, the AGF HUD has an add-on for health bars if you like theirs.

From NexusMods User: AkosEquilibrior
Regarding the CATUI_toolbelt_more_slot mod.  
The additional hotbar comes from CATUI (for 1.1 stable) - ZZZ_CATUI_toolbelt_more_slot
It bothered me, because the extra hotbar interfered with the crafting interface so i found a solution:
Open the mod folder there should be a folder "Config" then another "XUi" and in there a "windows.xml". 
Open this file with a text editior and change the value from 12 to 10. 
Or to something higher but under 24 if you want to use the additonal hotbar slots.

"Tool Time" mod: DO NOT ENABLE/DISABLE THIS MOD IN AN EXISTING SAVE OR IT WILL BREAK YOUR GAME!!!
This mod makes tools viable weapons... Ever wished axes and tool-hammers actually did real damage? Well, here you go.

IDC's Nomad
This is a mobile RV base with crafting workstations.
This mod requires IDC Core and Quartz.
It is not for multiplayer.
It does not currently work for 1.2b27, so not currently part of this ModList. I'll bring it back into the ModList once IDC updates it.

Vehicle Cruise Control: When mounted in/on a vehicle, cycle the Q-key on the keyboard to switch from Slow, Sprint, and Off.

OCB's Parachute: You need the Parachute item mod installed on your chest armor, and a single use parachute item in your tool belt for it to work.
When falling from a great height, cycle to the parachute item in the toolbelt, and use it with the item use button. 
You will have limited control of the parachute, and still might take a minimal amount of falling damage. It's a test mod, not 100% perfect, but it's super fun!

Bicycle Synnergy:
There are multiple bicycle mods that work in tandem in this ModList to allow you to craft the bicycle earlier from your backpack, and forge components.  
I also included my e-bicycle battery vehicle mod, that lets you go fast so you get more use out of the bike.  
